to stop even eat light above I see it
paint red and black red and put one silk
one Indian red and three silk
criss-cross with black it put together
both ends and toe to the center so you
should get like this and the light
should be in the second silk black and
put three Indian red red and put one
silk and one Indian red crisscross with
red in and poor so it should see like
this red input three Indian red black
and put one Indian red crisscross with
black in and Pau to see like this black
input three Indian red one blue and one
Indian brave
criss-cross we prayed in and poor should
get like this now black and put into
next two bits both will be Indian red
this is the first one and the second one
this one
read input one Indian grade and two silk
crisscross with black in and pour you
choose see like this and then Brent and
put into next two beats both will be
silk this is the first one and this is
the second one black input one silk and
two Indian red crisscross with red in
and pour so if you see like this now
plug input into next P which is Indian
red red input to Indian red black and
put two Indian bread crisscross with
black in and pour get like this red
input three silk and two Indian red
crisscross with black in and pull like
this now red and put into next two bits
on left and both will be Indian red this
is the second one you see like this and
the latch would be in this three Indian
red black and put three Indian bread
crisscross with red in and pour okay
like this now black and put into next
two bits on left which is or both will
be silk it's the second one here
and lie to be in these three beats read
input to silk and one Indian bread
crisscross with black in and pour like
this now read input into next two bits
on left one will be Indian red and the
second one will be blue this one and
light should be in distribute let input
trimmed in red crisscross with red in
and pull so you should get like this and
black and put into next B which is
Indian red this one game apiece black
input for Indian brave crisscross with
right in and poor to select this black
and put into next B which is Indian
grave this one who read input three
Indian red crisscross with black in and
pour tea like this right input into next
two bits one will be Indian red this one
another one will be silk this one
thank you for watching and see you next
video